README.md, before:

# temporary-rocketlets-ts-definition
This is the temporary home of the Rocketlets TypeScript definition repository.
It started out as a place to test some ideas for it then quickly evolved to a discussion area.

Please feel free to jump into any of the converstations, however please read the following links as they contain background information and ideas regarding Rocketlets.

- GitHub issue: "External applications as plug-ins (fka "API for AI providers")": [https://github.com/RocketChat/Rocket.Chat/issues/6890](https://github.com/RocketChat/Rocket.Chat/issues/6890)
- Google Document: referred to as "brain dump doc": [https://docs.google.com/a/rocket.chat/document/d/1qLpXYRkvYT8CVw9xV98jyBCwZdxU_0YnDNGzWFXXXM4/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/a/rocket.chat/document/d/1qLpXYRkvYT8CVw9xV98jyBCwZdxU_0YnDNGzWFXXXM4/edit?usp=sharing)

Once you've read up on those, then we suggest reading the past and current issues/pull requests as they contain a lot of discussion around what and why.

Another temporary repository that is being worked on at the same time is the development environment (aka package 3): [https://github.com/graywolf336/temporary-rocketlets-dev-environment](https://github.com/graywolf336/temporary-rocketlets-dev-environment)

## npm package
- https://www.npmjs.com/package/temporary-rocketlets-ts-definition
- `npm install --save temporary-rocketlets-ts-definition`

Commit message:

Add notice above the package moving under rocket.chat org in future

README.md, after:

# temporary-rocketlets-ts-definition
This is the temporary home (it'll be moved under the [Rocket.Chat organization](https://github.com/RocketChat) in the future) of the Rocketlets TypeScript definition repository.
It started out as a place to test some ideas for it then quickly evolved to a discussion area.

Please feel free to jump into any of the converstations, however please read the following links as they contain background information and ideas regarding Rocketlets.

- GitHub issue: "External applications as plug-ins (fka "API for AI providers")": [https://github.com/RocketChat/Rocket.Chat/issues/6890](https://github.com/RocketChat/Rocket.Chat/issues/6890)
- Google Document: referred to as "brain dump doc": [https://docs.google.com/a/rocket.chat/document/d/1qLpXYRkvYT8CVw9xV98jyBCwZdxU_0YnDNGzWFXXXM4/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/a/rocket.chat/document/d/1qLpXYRkvYT8CVw9xV98jyBCwZdxU_0YnDNGzWFXXXM4/edit?usp=sharing)

Once you've read up on those, then we suggest reading the past and current issues/pull requests as they contain a lot of discussion around what and why.

Another temporary repository that is being worked on at the same time is the development environment (aka package 3): [https://github.com/graywolf336/temporary-rocketlets-dev-environment](https://github.com/graywolf336/temporary-rocketlets-dev-environment)

## npm package
- https://www.npmjs.com/package/temporary-rocketlets-ts-definition
- `npm install --save temporary-rocketlets-ts-definition`
